README.md, before:

📌 System ownership map: see `RESPONSIBILITY.md` (single source of truth).
正式版を追加。
lumi-os — Canonical OS / Rules / META / Algorithms Repository for LUMINA BULIGE

This repository (lumi-os) is the canonical source of truth for all core operating-system components of LUMINA BULIGE.

It stores:
	•	Core OS definitions
	•	META rules (decision rules, behavioral constraints, safety logic)
	•	System rules (financial floors, SAFE_NULL, statict2x, etc.)
	•	Algorithms
	•	state_t / action_t / reaction → state_t+1
	•	MONEY_FLOW_STABILIZER
	•	BAD_LOOP / GOOD_LOOP models
	•	Specifications officially adopted by A:HQ
	•	Prohibited zones & boundary rules
	•	Versioned canonical documents for internal classes (A/B/C/D/E)

⸻

Canonical Governance Model

1. What is “Canonical” in LUMI?

Only items that satisfy both conditions become official OS:
	1.	Adopted by A：HQ
	2.	Saved here in lumi-os

Everything else—E 深海ログ、ドラフト、試作文、議論途中の案—は draft とする。

“If it is not in lumi-os, it is not official.”

⸻

2. HQ-Only Autocheck Rule

A：HQ is the only class allowed to:
	•	perform automatic consistency checks
	•	cross-verify OS rules
	•	detect conflicts across versions
	•	reconcile META rules
	•	update canonical definitions

B／C／D／E は：
	•	lumi-os を参照する義務のみ
	•	自動補正は禁止（越境防止）

“HQ is the only layer allowed to modify or validate the OS.”

⸻

3. Boundary Constitution (“憲法の一行目”)

“Not crossing specialized domains is the only way to keep LUMI from breaking.”

This rule is absolute.
Every class (A/B/C/D/E) works in strict, isolated domains, and only HQ integrates them.

⸻

4. Repository Purpose

lumi-os ensures:
	•	Single Source of Truth
	•	Consistent OS evolution
	•	Future collaboration with engineers
	•	Permanent memory of design decisions
	•	Regulatory-safe, reproducible system logic

⸻

5. Directory Structure (recommended)
/core-os
/rules
/meta
/algorithms
/specifications
/boundaries
/changelogs
6. Contribution Workflow (internal)

Only A：HQ may push canonical updates.

Flow:
E (Deep Source) → AI_E structuring → A:HQ adoption → lumi-os (canonical)
All classes must read from main branch of this repo.

下に古い説明文を残す。

# lumi-os
Core OS / Rules / Algorithms / Specifications for LUMINA BULIGE
────────────────────────────

**LUMI OS — Core Rules, META, Algorithms

Canonical Specification Repository**

This repository (lumi-os) is the canonical source of truth for all core operating system components of LUMINA BULIGE.

It stores:
	•	Core OS definitions
	•	META rules (decision rules / behavioral constraints)
	•	System rules (financial floors, SAFE_NULL, statict2x, etc.)
	•	Algorithms (state → action → reaction update system)
	•	Specifications officially adopted by A：HQ (Headquarters Layer)
	•	Versioned, non-mutable records of approved OS changes

Only documents stored here represent the official and authoritative specification.
Everything outside this repository is considered draft until formally adopted.

⸻

0. Principle (Constitution Level)

“Crossing specialized domains is the only way to break LUMI.”

Each class (A / B / C / D / E) must operate strictly within its domain.
The OS survives only if boundaries are respected at all times.

⸻

1. Canonical Source Rule

“The canonical specification of LUMI lives in this repository (lumi-os).
If there is any doubt, check lumi-os. Everything else is a draft.”

A：HQ is the only class allowed to:
	•	approve OS rules
	•	modify OS rules
	•	perform automatic consistency checks
	•	write to this repository

B / C / D / E must reference, but may not overwrite.

⸻

2. AUTOCHECK POLICY (A-Only)

Only A：HQ may run automatic consistency checks.

A：HQ automatically checks:
	•	conflicts against A：CORE (constitution)
	•	violations of META rules
	•	fintech regulatory boundaries
	•	numerical / logical contradictions
	•	past OS versions in this repository

B / C / D / E have no automatic correction authority and must only refer to what is defined here.

⸻

3. LUMI OS Architecture Overview

3.1 OS Components
	1.	pake t_bigzoon (Floor)
Minimum survival + fixed obligations buffer.
No action may push the user below this containment zone.
	2.	SAFE_NULL Day
A day reserved to break harmful loops, reset decision pressure, and avoid emotional trading / over-spending.
	3.	statict2x Rule
A behavioral brake to prevent action frequency spikes under emotional volatility.
	4.	1D Rule
When emotional saturation or cognitive overload is detected, disable multi-option decision making.
	5.	AnimaruAPinLv99 → RULE_ROPE_LOCK
High-arousal / high-risk state in which all significant actions require explicit slowing operations.
	6.	Aurora / Dark Zoning
Behavioral & financial environment classification (risk_score-driven).

⸻

4. Financial Algorithm Layer

4.1 State Representation
state_t = {
    balance_total,
    paket_floor,
    fixed_must,
    living_min,
    risk_score,
    hidden_cost_month
}
4.2 Action Representation
action_t = {
    amount,
    type,
    fee_visible,
    fee_effective
}
4.3 Update Function
reaction(state_t, action_t) → state_{t+1}
This expresses the law of financial action–reaction, ensuring:
	•	floors are never violated silently
	•	hidden costs accumulate
	•	risk score responds to user behavior
	•	every action updates the OS in a deterministic way

{
  "balance_total": 123456,
  "paket_bigzoon": 80000,
  "floor_status": "SAFE", 
  "heart": {
    "risk_mode": "LOW"
  },
  "meta": {
    "version": "v1",
    "generated_at": "2025-12-16T10:30:00Z"
  }
}


⸻

5. AUTO_AURORA_ROUTER (Automatic Optimization Module)

The only allowed “optimization engine” inside LUMI OS.

Rules:
	1.	saving > 0 のときのみ LUMI_fee
	2.	user_gain ≥ 0 必須（絶対に損をさせない）
	3.	RED（floor割れ）時は提案禁止・LUMI_fee = 0
	4.	毎回ユーザー承認。自動実行禁止
	5.	全ログは改ざん不能形式で保存

Fee split parameter：
0.10 ≤ alpha ≤ 0.75
6. CLASS Boundaries (Immutable)

A：HQ
	•	OS creation
	•	META creation
	•	Rule approval
	•	Algorithm approval
	•	Only A can write to lumi-os

B：INFRA
	•	Implements algorithms defined here
	•	May not create rules
	•	May not modify rules
	•	May not cross into lending / custody / leverage / investment arenas

C：PRODUCT
	•	UI / UX implementations
	•	Must obey OS constraints exactly

D：GTM
	•	Messaging / LP / communication
	•	Must obey rules and regulatory boundaries

E：DEEP
	•	Source of ideas, intuition, emotion, deep-dive content
	•	Not authoritative
	•	Everything must be routed through A before it becomes specification

⸻

7. Contribution Protocol（AI_E / Human Founder）
	1.	E writes raw content（no editing）
	2.	Label with one of：A-CORE / B-INFRA / C-PRODUCT / D-GTM / E-DIVE
	3.	AI_E structures
	4.	A：HQ decides（Adopt / Hold / Reject）
	5.	Adopted items enter lumi-os as canonical

⸻

8. License

MIT License.

⸻

9. Status

This repository is the official specification backbone of LUMI OS.
All external development, internal logic, and product execution rely on the definitions here.

────────────────────────────

Commit message:

README with lumi-core-web note
Added note about lumi-core-web and production LP.

Signed-off-by: LUMINABULIGE 「LLC仮」 <luminabulige@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

📌 System ownership map: see `RESPONSIBILITY.md` (single source of truth).
正式版を追加。
lumi-os — Canonical OS / Rules / META / Algorithms Repository for LUMINA BULIGE

This repository (lumi-os) is the canonical source of truth for all core operating-system components of LUMINA BULIGE.

It stores:
	•	Core OS definitions
	•	META rules (decision rules, behavioral constraints, safety logic)
	•	System rules (financial floors, SAFE_NULL, statict2x, etc.)
	•	Algorithms
	•	state_t / action_t / reaction → state_t+1
	•	MONEY_FLOW_STABILIZER
	•	BAD_LOOP / GOOD_LOOP models
	•	Specifications officially adopted by A:HQ
	•	Prohibited zones & boundary rules
	•	Versioned canonical documents for internal classes (A/B/C/D/E)

⸻

Canonical Governance Model

1. What is “Canonical” in LUMI?

Only items that satisfy both conditions become official OS:
	1.	Adopted by A：HQ
	2.	Saved here in lumi-os

Everything else—E 深海ログ、ドラフト、試作文、議論途中の案—は draft とする。

“If it is not in lumi-os, it is not official.”

⸻

2. HQ-Only Autocheck Rule

A：HQ is the only class allowed to:
	•	perform automatic consistency checks
	•	cross-verify OS rules
	•	detect conflicts across versions
	•	reconcile META rules
	•	update canonical definitions

B／C／D／E は：
	•	lumi-os を参照する義務のみ
	•	自動補正は禁止（越境防止）

“HQ is the only layer allowed to modify or validate the OS.”

⸻

3. Boundary Constitution (“憲法の一行目”)

“Not crossing specialized domains is the only way to keep LUMI from breaking.”

This rule is absolute.
Every class (A/B/C/D/E) works in strict, isolated domains, and only HQ integrates them.

⸻

4. Repository Purpose

lumi-os ensures:
	•	Single Source of Truth
	•	Consistent OS evolution
	•	Future collaboration with engineers
	•	Permanent memory of design decisions
	•	Regulatory-safe, reproducible system logic

⸻

5. Directory Structure (recommended)
/core-os
/rules
/meta
/algorithms
/specifications
/boundaries
/changelogs
6. Contribution Workflow (internal)

Only A：HQ may push canonical updates.

Flow:
E (Deep Source) → AI_E structuring → A:HQ adoption → lumi-os (canonical)
All classes must read from main branch of this repo.


•	NOTE: lumi-core-web is mock-only; production LP is served from /index.html (for now).

下に古い説明文を残す。

# lumi-os
Core OS / Rules / Algorithms / Specifications for LUMINA BULIGE
────────────────────────────

**LUMI OS — Core Rules, META, Algorithms

Canonical Specification Repository**

This repository (lumi-os) is the canonical source of truth for all core operating system components of LUMINA BULIGE.

It stores:
	•	Core OS definitions
	•	META rules (decision rules / behavioral constraints)
	•	System rules (financial floors, SAFE_NULL, statict2x, etc.)
	•	Algorithms (state → action → reaction update system)
	•	Specifications officially adopted by A：HQ (Headquarters Layer)
	•	Versioned, non-mutable records of approved OS changes

Only documents stored here represent the official and authoritative specification.
Everything outside this repository is considered draft until formally adopted.

⸻

0. Principle (Constitution Level)

“Crossing specialized domains is the only way to break LUMI.”

Each class (A / B / C / D / E) must operate strictly within its domain.
The OS survives only if boundaries are respected at all times.

⸻

1. Canonical Source Rule

“The canonical specification of LUMI lives in this repository (lumi-os).
If there is any doubt, check lumi-os. Everything else is a draft.”

A：HQ is the only class allowed to:
	•	approve OS rules
	•	modify OS rules
	•	perform automatic consistency checks
	•	write to this repository

B / C / D / E must reference, but may not overwrite.

⸻

2. AUTOCHECK POLICY (A-Only)

Only A：HQ may run automatic consistency checks.

A：HQ automatically checks:
	•	conflicts against A：CORE (constitution)
	•	violations of META rules
	•	fintech regulatory boundaries
	•	numerical / logical contradictions
	•	past OS versions in this repository

B / C / D / E have no automatic correction authority and must only refer to what is defined here.

⸻

3. LUMI OS Architecture Overview

3.1 OS Components
	1.	pake t_bigzoon (Floor)
Minimum survival + fixed obligations buffer.
No action may push the user below this containment zone.
	2.	SAFE_NULL Day
A day reserved to break harmful loops, reset decision pressure, and avoid emotional trading / over-spending.
	3.	statict2x Rule
A behavioral brake to prevent action frequency spikes under emotional volatility.
	4.	1D Rule
When emotional saturation or cognitive overload is detected, disable multi-option decision making.
	5.	AnimaruAPinLv99 → RULE_ROPE_LOCK
High-arousal / high-risk state in which all significant actions require explicit slowing operations.
	6.	Aurora / Dark Zoning
Behavioral & financial environment classification (risk_score-driven).

⸻

4. Financial Algorithm Layer

4.1 State Representation
state_t = {
    balance_total,
    paket_floor,
    fixed_must,
    living_min,
    risk_score,
    hidden_cost_month
}
4.2 Action Representation
action_t = {
    amount,
    type,
    fee_visible,
    fee_effective
}
4.3 Update Function
reaction(state_t, action_t) → state_{t+1}
This expresses the law of financial action–reaction, ensuring:
	•	floors are never violated silently
	•	hidden costs accumulate
	•	risk score responds to user behavior
	•	every action updates the OS in a deterministic way

{
  "balance_total": 123456,
  "paket_bigzoon": 80000,
  "floor_status": "SAFE", 
  "heart": {
    "risk_mode": "LOW"
  },
  "meta": {
    "version": "v1",
    "generated_at": "2025-12-16T10:30:00Z"
  }
}


⸻

5. AUTO_AURORA_ROUTER (Automatic Optimization Module)

The only allowed “optimization engine” inside LUMI OS.

Rules:
	1.	saving > 0 のときのみ LUMI_fee
	2.	user_gain ≥ 0 必須（絶対に損をさせない）
	3.	RED（floor割れ）時は提案禁止・LUMI_fee = 0
	4.	毎回ユーザー承認。自動実行禁止
	5.	全ログは改ざん不能形式で保存

Fee split parameter：
0.10 ≤ alpha ≤ 0.75
6. CLASS Boundaries (Immutable)

A：HQ
	•	OS creation
	•	META creation
	•	Rule approval
	•	Algorithm approval
	•	Only A can write to lumi-os

B：INFRA
	•	Implements algorithms defined here
	•	May not create rules
	•	May not modify rules
	•	May not cross into lending / custody / leverage / investment arenas

C：PRODUCT
	•	UI / UX implementations
	•	Must obey OS constraints exactly

D：GTM
	•	Messaging / LP / communication
	•	Must obey rules and regulatory boundaries

E：DEEP
	•	Source of ideas, intuition, emotion, deep-dive content
	•	Not authoritative
	•	Everything must be routed through A before it becomes specification

⸻

7. Contribution Protocol（AI_E / Human Founder）
	1.	E writes raw content（no editing）
	2.	Label with one of：A-CORE / B-INFRA / C-PRODUCT / D-GTM / E-DIVE
	3.	AI_E structures
	4.	A：HQ decides（Adopt / Hold / Reject）
	5.	Adopted items enter lumi-os as canonical

⸻

8. License

MIT License.

⸻

9. Status

This repository is the official specification backbone of LUMI OS.
All external development, internal logic, and product execution rely on the definitions here.

────────────────────────────
